the example of global violet tone the final
k1 of a darkened and said that
The affection that we receive in the fourth
Thank you.
still has that rich feeling that
not enough is the
show has a viewer from alagoas
She talks about whether it's practice in a girl, right?
but if you also have to train you
It will get there too, I entered the world.
You've been there for a long time, do not you ever give up?
and it's the insistence on making you
It's going to arrive, it only hurts the heart.
ready late to finalize one last
final tip, we'll show you back at
trotting is for example then it will end
Because there's balls in there, there's no
You can do this little ball with a pint.
she does not know that I'll never go
Forget my coffee focused on heaven
tank
she picks up the hair brush can make you
see what can is doing so may even
come here improvise and come here ah mas
I do not have fifth ball 70 ball
already made 11 and 30 ball is ready
Here I take a little bit of white one.
little thing and come here okay and ready
ready soon the contacts of frigo filó
we will disclose
What are you at home wants to send?
message that I received the final information
thank you very much for my presence I want
to win things even to the family is to see a
just over three years ago stated
one of the people is not that they started
also in the best point that they welcomed me
a kiss for so many viewers and
so many guests who received me from
open arms and also a kiss
especially for those people who have always
meet me and talk so touch
you know I've been liking you I
I learned
like you is really cool because
as point was also the
has matured and in life we have
we always think about it in maturity
Relational is relational
relationships
to be mature and to be
we speak in our hearts when we
also speaks in the professional life of each
one always seek the best search always
growing is always possible to improve
grow hone think about it
military brigade will get something to
learn but learn these together.
to match the bonfim beasts thanks
Thank you, do not fall and stay with us.
bolus peak